Brand IIFL
At IIFL Finance, we truly believe in the values of honesty and transparency. Our customers form the center of our universe. This belief is reflected in our approach of adopting 'Seedhi Baat'. Our focus is on keeping our loan products simple, ensuring transparency and displaying unwavering commitment to the customers. Because a financial solution makes sense in the most uncomplicated way - the 'Seedhi Baat' way.

Understand Nine Triangles of Sri Yantra in IIFL logo
In Hindu mythology, the nine interlocked triangles that surround and radiate from the center (bindu) symbolize the highest, the invisible and elusive core from which the entire ­figures and cosmos expand.
Our brand represents a cosmos in itself, where two worlds meet. One, where we together strive to grow and expand and the other, where we strive to make possibilities infi­nite for our customers.
It is the confluence of these two thoughts, represented by the age old symbol of converging powers that stands as the face of our brand.


IIFL Finance rate at BSE: 637.25 +9.85 1.57% 
Last updated on: 10/10/2023 2:04:37 PM
IIFL Finance rate at NSE: 638 10.60 1.69% 
Last updated on: 10/10/2023 2:05:27 PM
IIFL Finance Limited (hitherto referred to as IIFL) (NSE: IIFL, BSE: 532636) is one of the leading players in the financial services space in India. Together with its subsidiaries – IIFL Home Finance Limited, IIFL Samasta Finance Limited (Formerly known as Samasta Microfinance Limited) and IIFL Open Fintech Private Limited, it provides a diverse range of loans and mortgages.
These include home loans, gold loans, business loans including loans against property and medium & small enterprise financing, micro finance, developer & construction finance and capital market finance; catering to both retail and corporate clients.
The company has a nationwide presence with a thriving network of 2600+ branches across 500+ cities.
Loan AUM Mix (%):
As on March 31, 2023

The gold loan interest rate is a critical factor to consider before applying for a gold loan. As you have to repay the loan over the prescribed tenure, you need to pick one with best gold loan interest rate that does not create a financial burden for you.
IIFL Finance provides affordable low gold loan interest rate with its comprehensive and customised gold loan product schemes. It is factored in the amount of loan a borrower wants to avail of to ensure that the capital requirement is effectively fulfilled.
IIFL Finance provides utmost transparency and communicates all the rates and charges including the gold loan rate of interest in India

Gold Loan Interest Rate And Applicable Charges
Interest Rate	0.99% onward p.m.
(11.88% - 27% p.a.)
Rates vary as per loan amount and repayment frequency
Processing Fee	₹0 onwards
Varies depending on gold loan scheme availed
MTM CHARGES : ₹500.00
Valuing an asset to reflect its current market rate
AUCTION CHARGES : ₹1500.00
Auction Intimation Charges: ₹200

Apart from the gold loan rate of interest that the borrowers have to pay, gold loans come with some additional charges. These charges are levied on the borrowers because of the additional services rendered by the lending company, such as IIFL. However, IIFL Finance understands that such charges are to be borne by the customer and hence, has designed the gold loan product to carry a few additional charges.
With an attractive and affordable gold loan rate of interest, IIFL Finance’s additional charges are nominal. The processing fee varies depending on the availed gold loan scheme starting from Rs 0 onwards. Furthermore, the MTM charges on IIFL’s gold loan are the lowest in the industry at a flat Rs 500.
These additional charges are listed with utmost clarity on IIFL Finance’s website to let you analyse their payment obligations before taking a gold loan. Additionally, there are no hidden costs attached to IIFL Finance’s gold loan.

Numerous factors can affect the loan against gold interest rate in India. Some of them are influenced by personal factors relating to the borrower, while others are external relating to the current economy and the domestic gold prices:
Loan Amount:
The loan amount plays a critical role in determining the best gold loan interest rate.
Monthly Income:
Although gold loan borrowers don’t face many difficulties in getting a gold loan approved from the lender, they may require knowledge of your monthly income during the loan application process. The monthly income amount defines the repayment capacity of the borrower.
Benchmarking:
Lenders follow two types of benchmarking methods to determine the gold loan interest rate: Repo rate-linked lending rate, and MCLR-linked lending rate. The interest rate on a gold loan varies from one lender to another, depending on the chosen benchmarking method. Generally, MCLR-linked lending rates result in a gold loan lowest interest rate offered by lenders.
Credit Score:
Although gold loans do not factor in the credit score of the borrower for eligibility criteria, the credit score can still affect the interest rate on the gold loan for a borrower. If the borrower has defaulted multiple times on interest payments before and has a bad credit score, it is a possibility that the lender will offer the gold loan at a higher interest rate.
Gold Value:
One of the most important factors that influence the loan against the gold interest rate is the value of the pledged gold. Every borrower has to pledge gold articles to the lender, and they offer a percentage of the total value of the gold articles as the loan amount.
Repayment Frequency:
The interest repayment of gold loan frequency on your loan amount also alters rate of interest.


Documents Required for Gold Loan:
IIFL Finance gold loans need minimal documentation for KYC norms and other legal requirements. You can apply online or visit any of our 2,500+ gold loan branches near your vicinity area. Even easier, you can book a doorstep gold loan appointment and we will come to you for collecting the gold loan documents. IIFL Finance team will ensure that gold loan process is hassle-free.

Before applying for gold loan, check the list of gold loan documents as listed below:

Accepted Identity Proof:
Aadhaar Card
Valid Passport
PAN Card
Valid Driving Licence
Voter ID Card
Job card issued by NREGA

Accepted Address Proof:
Aadhaar Card
Valid Passport
Ration Card
Electricity Bill
Valid Driving Licence
Voter ID Card
Job card issued by NREGA

Gold Loan Eligibility Criteria:
From loan application to disbursement, the IIFL Finance gold loan process is streamlined in order to make it simple for applicants to get loan without any hassle. We respect the value of your gold and keep it secure in our vaults and . You can apply for gold loan online or by visiting any of our 2,500+ branches across India.

Before applying for Gold loan make sure you meet the requirements, which are listed below:
Applicant Details:
An individuals should be salaried, Non-Salaried, Self-Employed individuals with minimum age of 18 years, maximum age of 70 years at the time of loan disbursal and maximum age of 72 years at the time of loan renewal.
Gold Purity:
IIFL Finance provides loan on gold purity of 18-22 Carat.
Maximum loan to Value ratio (LTV Ratio):
IIFL Finance will provide a loan of maximum 75% of the value of gold pledged
