Nirmal Jain :
Managing Director, IIFL Finance
Mr. Nirmal Jain, Founder of IIFL Group, is a first generation entrepreneur, who is credited with building one of the largest financial services groups in India in just about two decades. He is a PGDM (Post Graduate Diploma in Management) from IIM, Ahmadabad, a rank holder Chartered Accountant and a Cost Accountant.  Under Mr Nirmal Jain's visionary direction, today IIFL is one of the largest financial services firms in India with three distinct listed businesses – IIFL Finance, 360 ONE (IIFL Wealth) and IIFL Securities. The group companies are backed by marquee global investors like Fairfax Group, Bain Capital and The Capital Group among others. IIFL Group has a customer base of over 10 million. Mr Jain is also the founder of 5paisa.com, India’s only listed discount broker. The Economic Times recognizes Mr Jain and one of the most promising business leaders in Asia. He has received the CA Entrepreneur Leader Award in the Financial Services category from The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and is recognised among the most successful IIM alumnus by Business Today magazine. Mr. Jain lives in Mumbai with his wife and three children. He is also passionate about contributing to society, especially in the fields of education and healthcare for the under privileged, for which he has setup the IIFL foundation. IIFL Foundation’s flagship project ‘Sakhiyon Ki Badi’, is one of the largest girl child education in India and has already brought 36,000 out of school girls into the education fold in Rajasthan. Mr Jain is an early-stage investor in dozens of fintechs working towards frugal innovations helping large-impact financial inclusion in India.

R Venkat : 
Joint Managing Director, IIFL Finance
Mr. R. Venkataraman is the Co-Promoter of IIFL Group, one of India's largest diversified financial services conglomerates. He is the Joint Managing Director of IIFL Finance Ltd, along with being the Chairman of IIFL Securities Ltd.  He holds a B.Tech (electronics & electrical communications engineering) degree from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur and received a post graduate diploma in management from Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore. Mr Venkataraman has an experience of over twenty-eight years in the financial services sector. Before becoming the co-promoter and managing director of the IIFL Holdings Limited (now IIFL Finance), he was associated with ICICI Limited, including ICICI Securities Limited, their investment banking joint venture with J P Morgan of US and Barclays – BZW, and G E Capital Services India Limited. Mr Venkataraman has been instrumental in IIFL’s rise as a financial conglomerate. Mr Venkataraman is one of the leading thought leaders in Indian financial services industry landscape and has shared his wisdom through various forums and media platforms. He is an avid runner and a people person.

Kapish Jain : 
Chief Financial Officer
Mr Kapish Jain is an accomplished financial analyst with over two decades of experience. He is driven by a passion for finance and a desire to positively impact the world through his work. He is also known for his attention to detail, problem-solving skills, and ability to work effectively in a team environment, making him an excellent President & Group Chief Financial Officer at India Infoline Group. In his professional journey, Mr Jain has garnered knowledge in financial analysis, business finance and the skills on how to best optimize capital and superior return for its stakeholders. His specializations include Business Finance, Strategy, and fundraising, Investor Relations, Accounts, Taxation, Private Equity, Investor Relations, Business planning, and all areas of financial control, i.e., Prevention of Money Laundering. As a financial analyst, he performs financial analysis and business reviews to support effective decision-making. He has a proven track record in delivering superior financial performance and improving processes through data-driven insights. He is know to operates with the highest degree of transparency and governance. He has received several recognition for his outstanding work throughout his career. He has been a speaker for India's top CFOs on multiple forums including the Finance and Marketing conclave of IIM Amritsar. Mr Jain's financial expertise, strong work ethic, and commitment to excellence make him a valuable asset to the organization.

Richa Chatterjee : 
Chief Human Resource Officer
Ms Chatterjee is a prominent leader and serves as CHRO and President for India Infoline Group. She has been recognized in the India HR 40 under 40 category and is an impact oriented leader who has served in various leadership positions across Indian and MNC organizations spanning diverse sectors including management consulting, BFSI, media and manufacturing. She is passionate about effectively aligning people strategy with business objectives and in enabling individuals to unleash their potential. Ms Chatterjee has a strong track record of effectively partnering with businesses and working within complex and dynamic environments. She brings with her deep functional experience in the areas of strategic business partnering , talent and performance management, organisation design and effectiveness, employee engagement, talent acquisition, learning and development and change management. Ms Chatterjee holds an MBA degree from Management Development Institute (MDI), Gurgaon and is a graduate from Lady Shri Ram College (Delhi University), one of the premier educational institutions in India. She is also an Associate Certified Coach (ACC) from the International Coaching Federation, an Erickson Certified Coach and has excelled at IIMA’s Performance management for competitive advantage course. She is a lifelong learner and enjoys travelling, meditation and spending time with her family in her spare time.

Saurabh Kumar :
National Head - Gold Loan
Saurabh Kumar is a seasoned banker with over two decades of experience in NBFC and retail banking, currently the Head of Gold Loan at IIFL Finance Ltd. His expertise spans various fields, including Gold Loans, Business Banking, Branch Banking, CASA, Sales, and distribution of investment products. Saurabh has a proven track record of successfully expanding branches, setting up sales channels, and scaling up new verticals and lines of business. His specialities include P&L Management, driving ATL and BTL, Attrition Management, Performance Management, and Productivity Enhancement. After completing his BSC in Agriculture from G B Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, Pantnagar, Saurabh earned his MBA from the prestigious FORE School of Management, New Delhi. He started his career with Godfrey Philips India Ltd. Saurabh also held leadership positions in prominent leading companies such as Muthoot Finance, ICICI Bank, UB Group, where he managed various aspects of retail banking and was responsible for driving business growth before joining IIFL Finance Ltd. At IIFL Finance Ltd, Saurabh has been instrumental in driving growth and profitability across various business segments. As the Head of Gold Loan, he has played a pivotal role in formulating the company's strategic plans and executing them successfully. Saurabh's ability to develop and implement innovative financial solutions has helped IIFL Finance Ltd stay ahead of the competition. He is known for his sharp analytical skills and attention to detail, which has enabled him to identify new growth opportunities and optimise business operations. Saurabh's excellent track record in the financial sector has earned him recognition for his outstanding work. Saurabh believes in empowering his team to drive results and fosters a culture of continuous learning and development.

Gaurav Sharma :
Chief Technology Officer
Mr Gaurav Sharma is a seasoned professional with over 25 years of experience in Financial Services Technologies. He is currently serving as the CTO at IIFL Finance. Gaurav's expertise lies in product development, technology strategy, and project management. He is skilled in developing and implementing innovative solutions, leading cross-functional teams, and building strong relationships with stakeholders. He has a proven track record of driving growth and creating value through technology. Gaurav graduated from IIT Roorkee with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. He has since been working with leading financial services companies in the product, technology, and analytics domain. He began his career in June 1995 with Tata Consultancy Services as a founding team member of TCS Bancs, a financial services product. During his 10-year tenure at TCS, he led the development of the Securities Trading & Administration modules of TCS Bancs and successfully implemented them for numerous large financial services organisations worldwide. In 2005, Gaurav moved to Max Life Insurance, where he led the Product Development Team and drove several transformative projects, including adopting digital tools to enhance sales across channels such as agency, bancassurance, and online. In 2015, he also started a B2C product startup to solve customer service issues. Before his current role at IIFL Finance, he served as the Group CTO for L&T Financial Services and briefly at Poonawalla Fincorp.

Mayank Sharma : 
Head - Audit & Controls
With over two decades of experience in the financial sector, from rural areas to top global cities, Mayank Sharma is currently the Head of Audit and Controls at India Infoline Group. He has demonstrated exceptional leadership skills and expertise in retail sales, wealth management, insurance, gold loan, commercial vehicle loans, SMEs, digital finance, and home loan, among others. He has been instrumental in setting up retail networks for equity products. Additionally, MS has transitioned to non-sales aspects of growing and nurturing networks on liabilities for better portfolio management and reduced losses. He is one of the early members of the groundbreaking early broking business platform that revolutionised stock broking in India. He has been instrumental in sales, credit, liabilities and expanding our branch network over the last decade, pan India. MS was recognised for his contributions to the financial sector and recently made it to the Prestigious BW CFO World Finance 40 under 40 Power List. He is a public speaker, in various forums and summits across India. Among his many accolades is the "The Great Indian BFSI COO of the Year" award by The Great Indian BFSI Awards. He delivered the keynote speech at this year's Vendor Risk Management India Summit 22. He was also honoured with the "Most Admired BFSI Professional" award at the World Leadership Congress. In his career spanning two decades, he brings a wealth of knowledge and experience from his previous roles, including IndiaMarketPlaces, Tata Eureka Forbes Ltd, SBI cards, and IIFL. In addition to his professional accomplishments, MS is an accomplished athlete and regularly participates in marathons.

Amlan Singh :
Head - Operations & Customer Care
Mr Amlan Singh is the Head of Operations & Services at IIFL Finance. With over 20 years of experience in various functions like Operations, Customer Service, Cross Border Payments, and International FI Settlements, he has a wealth of consumer and corporate banking knowledge. As Head of Operations & Service, Amlan oversees operations, develops and executes strategies, and leads customer experience across all lines of business. He works closely with other departments to bring new operating platforms and digital assets for business growth. Before joining IIFL Finance, Amlan worked with companies such as Capital First, Barclays, ABN AMRO and IBM. He holds a degree from Mumbai University, and his rich experience in operations and customer service has helped him in his role at the current company.

Shanker Ramrakhiani :
Chief Information Security Officer
Shanker Ramrakhiani is with IIFL since May 2018 and has 18+ years of work experience and have strong domain expertise in Information & Cyber Security, GRC, IT Audits, Business Continuity Management, IT Governance, Risk Management and Data Privacy. He has played a pivotal role in enhancing overall Information Security posture & BCP Posture for our Organization. He is currently designated as Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and also managing Business Continuity Management (BCM).Prior to joining IIFL, he was working as Head – Information Security & BCM with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and have worked earlier with organizations including Future Generali India Life Insurance, Reliance Communications, Symantec and Wipro. He holds professional information security certifications like ISO27001, ISO 22301, COBIT, ITIL, PCI-DSS.